[GEOS-11075] IAU authority, planetary CRS support (#7028)
geoserver/geoserver: src/release/extensions/iau/iau-readme.txt

GeoServer IAU authority readme
------------------------------

> This package contains the International Astronominal Unit CRS database,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains the International Astronomical Union CRS database,
```

with over 2000 CRSs covering planetary bodies.

Please report any bugs with jira (https://osgeo-org.atlassian.net/projects/GEOS).

Any other issues can be discussed on the mailing list (http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/geoserver-users).

Contains the following data stores:

INSTALLATION

> 1. Copy included gt2-iau-wak jar included to your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy included gt-iau-wkt jar included to your 
```
